# Performance-Checkpoint-III #
Performance Checkpoint 3 went well for our team, as we ended with 23/20 points. We were able to satisfy all the base criteria and one of the bonuses, as well as attempt the second bonus. Our design, a simple lever-arm mechanism that is powered both up and down, met the specifications for the performance test as it needed to be able to hit switched up and down. This design performed well and was more than capable of hitting the switches with enough force to flip them in both directions. When watching other teams complete the check point, we realized ours can complete it rather quickly, as some teams require long amounts of time to rotate or lift certain mechanisms. We believe the simplicity of our design lends itself to this type of speed and is a theme we plan to carry forward into the last two performance checks. By using the simple mechanism, we are able to avoid a lot of the technical pitfalls that other teams may run into.

We did run into a few small issues however, including an inconsistent range of distances from the levers which led to instances of the lever arm missing the switches. We believe this issue came from a navigational issue as the robot would sometimes drive either too close or too far from the levers. This originates from the angle we start the robot at and is an inconsistency that can be resolved with more testing. Besides this, the code for determining, turning to, hitting, waiting, and resetting the correct lever worked well. We did have an initialization issue, as we were unaware that we had to initialize RPS, meaning we received no information from the RPS system. Once this issue was resolved the rest of the code worked well.

Overall, the team and the robot performed well for this checkpoint, especially when compared to previous checkpoints. For the first two, the team came into class stressed and unsure of whether all aspects of the checkpoints would be completed. In the end we did manage to complete both, getting 20/20. For this checkpoint, however, we came into class with a clear plan and with only testing and refinement to do. This led to a more relaxed environment and allowed the team to test new ideas. By the end of class, we were able to complete one bonus netting us 3 bonus points and try at the second bonus. The team left the class feeling confident in our performance and with several ideas on how to improve our robot’s ability to consistently perform the fuel lever task.
